docs: add migration guide, api reference for network mode (#1501)
toss/suspensive: docs/suspensive.org/src/content/en/docs/react-query/migrate-to-v3.mdx

## Handling BREAKING CHANGES

> ### The default `networkMode` is now set to `'always'` in `queryOptions` and Suspense hooks of `@tanstack/react-query` v4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The default `networkMode` is now set to `'always'` in Suspense hooks(useSuspenseQuery, useSuspenseQueries, useSuspenseInfiniteQuery) of `@tanstack/react-query` v4
```

https://github.com/toss/suspensive/pull/1458/files There is no default networkMode in queryOptions, infiniteQueryOptions. In my opinion, we need to update it

Author: Agreed, I missed that
